=head1 NAME

HTML::Benchmark::Output - Controlling output

=head1 VERSION

This document describes controlling output for HTML::Benchmark version 0.0.1

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Two output classes come with L<HTML::Benchmark>.
L<HTML::Benchmark::Output::Form> will display the statistics data 
to the command line. L<HTML::Benchmark::Output::DBI> will the raw data
to a L<DBI> handle. Additional arguments needed by the output handler
are read from the suitably named section of the config file.

A new output handler needs to supply the following:

=over

=item B<namespace> - The module must live below the L<HTML::Benchmark::Output>
name space.

=item B<constructor> - The constructor should take a L<HTML::Benchmark>
object as its first argument and the rest of the arguments should be
key-value pairs which will be read from the relevant section of the
configuration file.

=item B<output> - The class must define an output method. This can do anything
required. Any return from this method will be printed to standard output. For
L<HTML::Benchmark::Output::Form> that is the goal; for 
L<HTML::Benchmark::Output::DBI> the real action will be on the database
and what is printed is simply a status message.

=item B<configuration> - Given an C<HTML::Benchmark::Output::X> module
the config will be in the C<[X]> section of the configuration file.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Nicholas Bamber  C<< <nicholas@periapt.co.uk> >>


=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2010, Nicholas Bamber C<< <nicholas@periapt.co.uk> >>. All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.


=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

BECAUSE THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED BY THE ABOVE LICENCE, BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.
